Updated known issues for 1.4.6 (#996)
hyperledger/besu: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

- Added timeout to queries.  Fixes issue where `eth_getLogs` queries that were too large or too broad 

> could cause Besu to crash. [\#986](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/986)

Reviewer: Besu can still crash/hang, that's the deeper fix we mentioned.
```suggestion
- Added timeout to queries.  Fixes issue where `eth_getLogs` queries that were too large or too broad 
never return. [\#986](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/986)
```

Author: Fixed and added the known issue back.  Thanks for catching my miss.

- Fixed issue where networks using onchain permissioning could stall when the bootnodes were not validators. [\#969](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/969)

### Known Issues 

Known issues are open issues categorized as [Very High or High impact](https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/BESU/Defect+Prioritisation+Policy).

#### Previously identified known issues
 

> - [Eth/65 not backwards compatible](KNOWN_ISSUES.md#eth65-not-backwards-compatible)

Reviewer: The backwards incompatibility part of ETH/65 is fixed.

Author: Updated
